Y
with not shout has the evil monkey done and
theory now the chaos lord waits like
you say plan b
the plan
good all the boys and girls
chapter 5 of skylanders
it's a short chapter because it's the
screen that we will find
and the screens
the first is the bad
as we see there are spikes on the wall and what
what we have to do is wreck that
against the wall
now I have to put this I did not know
now a red circle with micheletti and
at that time we must set aside
we advance then stuck to the whole band
Now I can control machines with the
for total combat thanks to the fact that
people why
of the year
I leave you first to call yourself the mind
bombs
the flames of which a little bit
but the military help of these annoying
skewers
as we take some life
promised is changing the attacks or
expanding as you see now they have given us
more spikes and there will be dead zones so
that we will have to make him chase us
Well, at exactly 20
I'm not going to give up, you can not stop me
Let's see
they are a real nuisance you have to remove
The pinchos
that there is chaos too but also
I wanted to tell you
vices and apart in 2d lc 10 episodes
that can only be unlocked
buying them
are usually worth 20 or
now we see that he has removed all the
pinchos -1 and apart they are sending us
Soldiers
try to run away from this
while a combat to also
in me
at full speed hello
I had to have changed the pieces not
you can make an evasion
the pathological
to big all these pieces of metal is
the mechanism
to eat a quality book in attack
watch now
again
Well now we do not forgive him
let's put the sack that has no
lifetime
perfect
it's very bad you want to wash the
chaotic dirty clothes here you have this
this is your opportunity
who am I going to cheat
and we see that the coffees also give us
star stars if we do not suffer
damage we would get ballasts
the rest is simple a mission is
defeat them
camps you're doing here street this
you have everything a little different
at least bad
what's happening why did you summon me
careful to face the end will not be
my end does not
my mother
I see this is still so dramatic
as I always suppose there will be
funny please like you should
have seen touch
we've wanted glam things I think my
son continues to mistreat and if blah blah that
you want mother I'm very busy
what's the point of being so deliciously
bad if you can not enjoy it you know
when I attacked in the rompenubes islands
I did it with a wicked smile on the
mouth that was 100 years ago
you also failed to fail
thanks to me the skylanders were
expelled leaving the islands rompenubes
unprotected for years
You know, you told me your plan was going
to be simple but your invasion to great
scale called too much attention and
now the styles anders have returned
no reason is missing a teacher silenced
get the goal drag the islands
camps there are clouds that I have the other way
evil way
thank you for calling mother and for sharing
his insufferable registration
I think he has not left anything wrong
large-scale invasion you will see what it is
a large-scale invasion calls my
cousins
respected
interesting
good and back and we will go cutting
this part you're already hot of the most
big clouds the part of the possible
I hope you liked it we'll see you
next video until after a fact
is nagles that has come to throw you a
hand says he knows how to improve your
combat skills you should go to
see it right now